Zihan, what's wrong?
If you don't go home empty-handed, then you'll lose everything during the day.
No need to connect.
Zihan, if you're not the right person, don't bother Yang Lun, okay?
Okay, I don’t speak well, right?
Zihan, please stop the night breeze,
There is something really wrong with our faces.
What's going on?
It's not like you said it out loud, so everyone should listen.
Let me tell you, it is like this, it is like this.
When Lin Zihan showed up to me, he ran up to me and told me he liked me.
And then come close to me,
Who has not been seen by Night Breeze?
Lin Zihan, he was so hot that he bumped into me first and said he was not compatible with me.
I also sealed off the green red grass and white grass in Hucheng and used it to do weeding and ripening.
You obviously don't want to get out of love with me
Let’s fight again